docs: update LIO-SAM and vector map documentation (#465)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/integrating-autoware/creating-maps/creating-vector-map/index.md

# Creating a vector map

## Overview

> In this section, we will explain how to create Lanelet2 maps with TIER IV's [vector map builder tool](https://tools.tier4.jp/feature/vector_map_builder_ll2/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we will explain how to create Lanelet2 maps with TIER IV's [Vector Map Builder tool](https://tools.tier4.jp/feature/vector_map_builder_ll2/).
```

Author: Done :+1:

> If you want to look at another method,
> [MapToolbox](https://github.com/autocore-ai/MapToolbox) is a plugin for [Unity](https://unity.com/) specifically designed to create Lanelet2 maps for Autoware.
> We didn't recommend [JOSM](https://josm.openstreetmap.de/) since it needs modifications for Autoware usage.
> So, this process can be tedious and time-consuming.

Reviewer: Technically speaking, the other tools should still be able to create maps for Autoware without modifications, but TIER IV's tool has a presets for easier creation of Autoware Lanelet2 Map.

I would phrase it like the following: 
```suggestion
There are alternative tools such as
Unity-based app [MapToolbox](https://github.com/autocore-ai/MapToolbox) and 
Java-based app [JOSM](https://josm.openstreetmap.de/) that you may use for creating Lanelet2 map.
We will be using TIER IV's Vector Map Builder in the tutorial since it works on a browser without installation of extra dependency applications.  
```

Author: Done :+1:

## Vector Map Builder

You need a TIER IV account for using vector map builder tool.

> So, if you have not before, please [create a TIER IV account](https://account.tier4.jp/registration?return_to=/oidc/login?login_challenge=81c846efae994bf8a79dac0aab6b8875)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is first time to use the tool, [create a TIER IV account](https://docs.web.auto/en/user-manuals/tier-iv-account/quick-start)
```

Author: Done :+1:
